- [[LinkedIn Personal brand]]
- ### LinkedIn Personal brand
	- #### 1. What am I passionate about?
		- I am passionate about computers since I was 11.
	- #### 2. What am I good at?
		- I am good at automating tasks and also at analysing and testing software
	- #### 3. What makes me credible?
		- I have experience in both fields and I enjoyed working in them.
	- ### v0.1
		- I am passionate about computers since I was 11 and, since I discovered software development in my undergraduate degree, I am a fan of everything related to coding. And not just coding but also testing, design and automation.
		  
		  I am good at automating tasks and also at analysing and testing software. 
		  
		  But I really like to consider myself as a Scrum Developer with a DevOps mindset, since I have experience working in different roles like QA, development and automation.
	- ### v0.2
		- I am passionate about computers since I was 11 and I am a fan of not just coding but also testing, design and automation.
		  
		  I enjoy working in different roles with a DevOps minset.
		  
		  In fact, I have 2+ years of mixed background between development and QA roles. And 1.5 years as a DevOps IaC Automation Engineer. But I wanted to learn more. So I took a break and I enrolled in a Master's degree in DevOps.
		  
		  Now, I have just only the final project remaining and I would like to put value to your company by demonstrating what I have learnt in both the degree and through my work experience.
		  
		  What I love the most is learning. So in my spare time, I like to read and study quantum mechanics, because it's challenging for me and I like that.
	- ### v0.3
		- I am passionate about computers since I was 11 and I am a fan of not just coding but also testing, design and automation.
		    
		  In fact, I have 2+ years of mixed background between development and QA roles. And 1.5 years as a DevOps IaC Automation Engineer. But I wanted to learn more. So I took a break and I enrolled in a Master's degree in DevOps.
		-
		- I'm good at automating tasks and also at analysing and testing software.
		- But I really like to consider myself a Scrum Developer with a DevOps mindset, as I have experience working in different roles like QA, development and automation.
		-
		- Now, I have just only the final project remaining and I would like to put value to your company by demonstrating what I have learnt in both the degree and through my work experience.  
		    
		  What I love the most is learning. So in my spare time, I like to read and study quantum mechanics, because it's challenging for me and I like that.